```
challenge_01: Solve Me First
challenge_02: Simple Array Sum
challenge_03: Compare the Triplets
challenge_04: A Very Big Sum
challenge_05: Diagonal Difference
challenge_06: Plus Minus
challenge_07: Mini-Max Sum
challenge_08: Birthday Cake Candles
challenge_09: Time Conversion
challenge_10: Grading Students
challenge_11: Apple and Orange
challenge_12: Number Line Jumps
challenge_13: Between Two Sets
challenge_14: Breaking the Records
challenge_15: Sub-array Division
challenge_16: Divisible Sum Pairs
challenge_17: Migratory Birds
challenge_18: Day of the Programmer
challenge_19: Bill Division
challenge_20: Sales by Match
challenge_21: Drawing Book
challenge_22: Counting Valleys
challenge_23: Electronics Shop
challenge_24: c
challenge_25: Cats and a Mouse
```